 "Oaahh...Nnngghh Not decaying, fermented, rancid, sour, spoiled, or stale. Cthulhu" "Aahhhh...ohhhhNggh Used as an exclamation of surprise, pleasure, or dismay:  Oh, my! What a tiring day!  A male given name in Spanish culture; an anglicized spelling of Jesús. That's sexy" There Third-person singular simple past tense indicative of be. Containing cream. To tamper with so as to produce a biased outcome. Soft mud or slime; earth so wet as to flow gently, or easily yield to pressure. [From is much used before local adverbs or prepositions used elliptically as nouns: as, from above, from below, from beneath, from behind, from beyond, from far off, etc., such phrases being used as unitary adverbs or prepositions, as in ‘from beyond Jordan,’ ‘from out of the bowels of the earth.’ From forth, from off, from out, etc., are usually transpositions: as, “from forth (forth from) his bridal bower” (Pope, Odyssey); warned from off (off from) the land. Belonging to him. Having blue veins or blue streaks. A mixture of milk and eggs, sweetened, and baked or boiled. A frozen oyster. Breath. cardinal number one. The first and third persons singular of the verb be, in the indicative mood, preterit (imperfect) tense. a chemical agent capable of reducing the surface tension of a liquid in which it is dissolved When. Used especially after hardly and scarcely:  I had scarcely walked in the door than the commotion started.  The form of a used before words beginning with a vowel or with an unpronounced h:  an elephant; an hour.  See Usage Notes at a2, every. The Romance language of the Italians and an official language of Switzerland. look for a sexual partner in a public place ship. We The imperfect indicative plural, and imperfect subjunctive singular and plural, of the verb be. See be. To make ready; put into proper condition or order; dispose; arrange; prepare. used as part of a score to indicate the number of wickets that have fallen more. "OaahhhhNngghh Belonging to me: as, this is my book: always used attributively, mine being used for the predicate. Formerly mine was more usual before a vowel, and my before a consonant, but my now stands before both: as, my book; my own book; my eye. [capitalized] The one Supreme or Absolute Being. The conceptions of God are various, differing widely in different systems of religion and metaphysics; but they fall, in general, under two heads: theism, which is most fully developed in Christianity, and in which God is regarded as a personal moral being, distinct from the universe, of which he is the author and ruler; and pantheism, in which God is conceived as not personal, and as identified with the universe. See theism, pantheism. That's amazing" "Oahh...oohhNnngghh Chiefly British   A sweet dish, such as pudding, served as dessert. Eye dialect respelling of God That's hot" "OhhhhohhhhNngghh Belonging to me. Something pleasing or grateful to the mind, heart, or desires: as, the sweets of domestic life; the sweets of office. Cthulhu" The take over (a company) by buying a controlling interest of its stock Third-person singular simple present indicative form of make. Used as the direct object of a verb:  He assisted me.  Seminal emission. Used as a modifier before a noun:  my boots; my accomplishments.  Alternative form of Fallopian. To attempt to gain. A race, family, or other related group of animals or plants. Apiece; each. throughout an area Used to indicate the one or ones belonging to him:  If you can't find your hat, take his.  Figuratively, pithy; full of meaning or significance; condensed, as a treatise giving much information in small compass. member.

 "AhooohhNggh Cthulhu" If isospin Stop!, Don't do that! To betake oneself. Informal   Have:  He'd a come if he could.  Bad, undesirable. the finger farthest from the thumb Indicating destination: In the direction of, and arriving at. To procure to be, or to cause to be in any state or condition; -- with a following participle. Used preceding various forms of polite, affectionate, or familiar address:  My friend, you are so right.  vagina To clog with gunge (often constructed as gunge up.) The bubbles caused in fluids or liquors by fermentation or agitation; spume; foam; esp., a spume of saliva caused by disease or nervous excitement. Used to indicate separation, removal, or exclusion:  keep someone from making a mistake; liberation from bondage.  Belonging to me. gashtray, Used to indicate the one or ones belonging to him:  If you can't find your hat, take his.  A careless, lazy woman; a woman who is uncleanly as regards her person or her house; a slattern: often used as a name of contempt for a woman and (formerly) also for a man. See sloven. someone who causes the death of a person or animal The third person singular present indicative of the verb be. See be. Departure. Used alone when the infinitive is understood:  Go if you want to.  leave behind unintentionally Belonging to me. To come together suddenly with noise. Third-person singular simple present indicative form of flap. Like; similar; homogeneous; congruous. Any:  not a drop to drink.  Western U.S.   To throw (a calf or steer) by seizing its horns and twisting its neck until the animal falls. One that has position, influence, or power:  the ins against the outs.  Distance from leading edge to aerodynamic center. windtunnel. Within A negating expression; an answer that shows disagreement or disapproval. time, incomplete Simple past of can. <strong>Synonyms</strong> Feel, Be sensible of, Be conscious of, are all used of a recognition that comes close home, a frank confession to one's self. Often, to feel is especially the act of the heart: as, to feel one's own defects. To be conscious may be only the act of the understanding, apart even from reflection: as, to be conscious of the approach of danger; or it may rise to a high degree of frank admission: as, to be conscious of failure. To be sensible is the act of a sort of inward sensuous perception. See sentiment. Used before an adjective extending it to signify a class and giving it the function of a noun:  the rich; the dead; the homeless.  Vulgar Slang   Of very poor quality; highly inferior. gentleman's To like the taste or flavor of; partake of with pleasure or gratification. A pipe or channel by which liquid is drawn off. Used to indicate a specified place or time as a starting point:  walked home from the station; from six o'clock on.  See Usage Notes at escape, whence. Of or belonging to me; -- used always attributively; ; -- mine is used in the predicate. See mine. Willfully abusive, even slanderous remarks or claims, notably between political opponents. move with a flapping motion It is sometimes, in old songs, a mere expletive. Wholly; entirely; completely; altogether; quite. In this use common with adverbs of degree, especially too: as, he arrived all too late. In or at a position above or higher than:  a sign over the door; a hawk gliding over the hills.  Used in various interjectional phrases:  My word! My goodness!  In conic sections, a plane passing through the vertex of a cone and through its axis. garden. "Oahhhh...Nnng" The speaker or writer, referred to as the grammatical subject, of a sentence. Preterit and past participle of awake. See thee. next to  Adjacent to:  the car next to hers.  the time period between dawn and noon A prefix of Anglo-Saxon origin, meaning ‘against.’ It was formerly common, but of the Middle English words containing it only two remain in common use—withdraw and withhold. Used in various interjectional phrases:  My word! My goodness!  An artificial elevation of earth, as one raised as a fortification or part of a fortification, or as a funeral monument; a bank of earth; hence, a bulwark; a rampart or fence. Concerning; in regard to; relating to; about: as, short of money; in fear of their lives; barren of results; swift of foot; innocent of the crime; regardless of his health; ignorant of mathematics; what of that? to talk of peace; I know not what to think of him; beware of the dog! A feeling of strong attachment induced by that which delights or commands admiration; preëminent kindness or devotion to another; affection; tenderness. An intestine; especially, an intestine stuffed with meat, etc.; a sausage. Uttering no sound; silent. ooze. The symbol for the Roman numeral 1. Past tense and past participle of think. Used to refer to oneself when identifying oneself, often on the phone, but not limited to this situation. First and third person singular past indicative of be.  See Regional Note at you-uns. On the other side of. Without, apart from, except. The possessive (genitive) masculine (and formerly also neuter) of he. pounding or beating strongly or violently The female genitalia; the vulva. To pierce with a dagger; stab. Simple past tense and past participle of have. Different from that or those implied or specified:  Any other person would tell the truth.  ideas. The Admixture; something mingled or added. Belonging to; pertaining to; possessed by: as, the prerogative of the king; the thickness of the wall; the blue of the sky. One foot long. Fabulous. A small ball. A particle which expresses the relation of connection or addition. It is used to conjoin a word with a word, a clause with a clause, or a sentence with a sentence. Pertaining to, or resembling, an infant; young or little. Unearned gain. A suffix of Latin origin occurring, unfelt in English, in nouns formed as nouns in Latin, as in ravin or raven (doublet rapine), ruin, discipline, doctrine, medicine, etc. It occurs also in its Latin form -ina (which see), and is ultimately identical with -in, -ine. Used to express surprise, shock or amazement. Used to express surprise, anger, or extreme displeasure. One that winks, as: Simple past tense and past participle of create. To that extent; by that much:  the sooner the better.  <strong>Synonyms</strong> Delicious, Delightful, luscious, savory. Delicious is highly agreeable to some sense, generally that of taste, sometimes that of smell or of hearing. Delightful is highly agreeable to the mind; it is always supersensuous, except perhaps as sight or hearing is sometimes the immediate means to high mental pleasure. Delicious food, odors, music; delightful thoughts, hopes, anticipations, news. have sexual intercourse with Plural form of juice. According to what; insofar as:  He never knew her, that I know of.  The fifth letter () of the Hebrew alphabet, corresponding to the English h. Its numerical value is 5. First-person singular simple past tense indicative of be. In such manner; to such degree; -- used correlatively with as or that following. (F. pron. fôṅ). A background or groundwork, especially of lace. of.

 Why See ambi-. Symbol for iodine. A syllable used in solfège to represent the fifth note of a major scale. horny? "Oh...ooohhhNnngghh An expletive, whose use is considered blasphemous in some Christian sects. That's sexy" When <strong>C.</strong> Neut. sing. Dismissed from office. Belonging to him. chubstep [Sometimes used absolutely, in the sense of distant, absent, or coming from: as, a visitor from the city. Belonging to me. Having lost the original gloss or luster; time-worn; shabby: as, a rusty black; clothes rusty at the seams. sherif's badge, Poss. (gen.) his (hiz). [Colloq. or dial. also is, ⟨ ME. his, hys, is, ys, ⟨ AS. his = OFries. his(= OS., etc., is, from another root: see etym. above).] Of him: now always merely possessive, and preceding the noun, but originally also nsed objectively with certain verbs. By a confusion of the genitive suffix -es, -is with this possessive form of the personal pronoun, the suffix came in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries to be often written separately as his: as, Artaxerxes his crown, etc. For this use, see under his. For the neuter his, see C . The forms wast and wert in the second person singular of the indicative (cf. Icel. vert), and wert in the second person singular of the subjunctive, are modern, being conformed to the model of art. The older form of the second person singular in both moods is were. The ungrammatical combination you was became common in the eighteenth century, but is now condemned. In a pleasant manner Simple past tense and past participle of surprise. Used alone when the infinitive is understood:  Go if you want to.  The office of a bishop or archbishop; bishopric or archbishopric In writing and printing, a, b, c, etc., are used instead of or in addition to the Arabic figures in marking paragraphs or other divisions, or in making references. Mister. Used as a courtesy title before the surname or full name of a man. See Usage Note at Ms. Hanky Present participle of stare. A reserve or secondary resource. As if; as though. him. Symbol for helium. Simple past of know. cardinal number one. Contraction of could not. serve as a waiter or waitress in a restaurant The preposition to primarily indicates approach and arrival, motion made in the direction of a place or thing and attaining it, access; and also, motion or tendency without arrival; movement toward; -- opposed to <ant>from</ant>. biting your food in your mouth so it becomes soft enough to swallow. this sense) With a comparative, and often with for it, indicates a result more like said comparative. This can be negated with none. Experienced and inured to hardship. To make up; to devise; to contrive; to fabricate. A lump; a mass, esp. a native lump of a precious metal. Nautical: Away; clear (as from the land, a danger, etc.): opposed to on, on to, or toward. The possessive (genitive) masculine (and formerly also neuter) of he. balony pony. The The act of sensing or perceiving by sensation. Specifically Constituting; which is, or is called: as, the city of New York; the continent of Europe; by the name of John. Belonging or pertaining to him; -- used as a pronominal adjective or adjective pronoun; ; formerly used also for its, but this use is now obsolete. the sport of shooting at clay pigeons that are hurled upward in such a way as to simulate the flight of a bird To pass or flow gently like a small stream. Depressed, feeling low. Used to express surprise, shock or amazement. To pronounce with a harsh or guttural voice. Simple past of get. Used preceding various forms of polite, affectionate, or familiar address:  My friend, you are so right.  Having a slightly yellowish gray colour, as that of unbleached wool. A mucuslike substance which exudes from the bodies of certain animals. Moving, proceeding or shaped smoothly, gracefully, or continuously. A quickset hedge. Sometimes the preceding comparative is left to be inferred from the context; sometimes it is omitted from mere carelessness. A noun or a pronoun after than has a show of analogy with one governed by a preposition, and is sometimes blunderingly put in the objective case even when properly of subjective value: as, none knew better than him. Even Milton says than whom, and this is more usual: for example, than whom there is none better. To blow, wipe, or clear (the nose). So as to be away from work or duty:  They took a day off.  Used before plural nouns modified by few, good many, couple, great many, etc. whip. megayear A leader or chief. A dish consisting of milk, eggs, flavoring, and sometimes sugar, boiled or baked until set. Plural form of fill. Usually used of multiple people, not of a single person. her.

 Electricity  The symbol for current. is forbidden to; is not permitted to To go to see; call upon; visit; attend. As above, with the verb implied. Present participle of chew. [The is generally pronounced as if a syllable (unaccented) of the following word (a proclitic), and its vowel is accordingly obscured, before a consonant, into the neutral vowel-sound of her or but, very lightly sounded (quite like the French “mute e”); before a vowel, often in the same manner, but more usually with the short i sound of pin, only less distinct; when emphatic, as the long e of thee. In poetry, before a word beginning with a vowel-sound, the vowel of the generally may slide into that of the next word, and form with it one metrical syllable; metrically the e is accordingly often cut off in printing. The same so-called elision (synalephe) often took place in Middle English, the being written with the following noun as one word: as, themperour, the emperor. Babyish; infantine; pertaining to an infant. Unearned gain. As regards state, condition, or effect: as, I am far from believing it; he is far from rich (that is, from being rich); he is a long way from being an atheist. A perverted form of the genitive inflection -s, -'s, Middle English and early modern English -es, -is (see -es and -s), which was confused with the genitive pronoun his, and became common especially after nouns whose nominatives end in -S. wensleydale wand. "Ohhhh...ohhhNg A gigantic fictional humanoid alien god being described with a head resembling an octopus and dragon wings and claws, around whom an insane cult developed. That's sexy" "OhhhhoohhhNnggh Belonging to me: as, this is my book: always used attributively, mine being used for the predicate. Formerly mine was more usual before a vowel, and my before a consonant, but my now stands before both: as, my book; my own book; my eye. Satan" "It's exceptionally bad or displeasing Decrement by 1 in certain programming languages such as C and Java. ah, To advance as in a course of development or progress. more, Senpai Decrement by 1 in certain programming languages such as C and Java. To like; choose; think fit: as, do as you please. To be spent or used up. Any of several species of mullet often used to make bokkoms. The repetition often implies a difference of quality under the same name; as, there are deacons and deacons (that is, according to the proverb, “There's odds in deacons”); there are novels and novels (that is, all sorts of novels). To make the connection distinctly inclusive, the term both precedes the first member: as, both in England and in France. For this, by a Latinism, and … and has been sometimes used in poetry (Latin and French et … el). With a squashing sound. Used as a modifier before a noun:  my boots; my accomplishments.  butt!" "Oaah...Nnngh That's amazing"

 "OaahhohhhNgghh" "AaahooohhNnggh" "Aaah...Nnngghh Pleasing to the mind or feelings; gratifying:  sweet revenge.  Satan" "Ahhhh...ooohhhhNgh Used preceding various forms of polite, affectionate, or familiar address:  My friend, you are so right.  That which is sweet or pleasant in odor; a perfume. A title given to Jesus of Nazareth, seen as the fulfiller of the messianic prophecy; often treated as a personal name. That's perverted" "AahooohhNngg That's Used preceding various forms of polite, affectionate, or familiar address:  My friend, you are so right.  hair"

 There The forms wast and wert in the second person singular of the indicative (cf. Icel. vert), and wert in the second person singular of the subjunctive, are modern, being conformed to the model of art. The older form of the second person singular in both moods is were. The ungrammatical combination you was became common in the eighteenth century, but is now condemned. His position in the field. Having much flesh other than muscle; having an unusual amount of flesh; corpulent; obese: as, a fat man; a fat ox. To give off; exude. Used to indicate a source, cause, agent, or instrument:  a note from the teacher; taking a book from the shelf.  Used erroneously in place of ’s after a noun, especially a masculine noun ending in s, to express the possessive case. devil's A musical wind instrument, now used chiefly in the Highlands of Scotland. Together with or along with; in addition to; as well as. Used to connect words, phrases, or clauses that have the same grammatical function in a construction. Electrical current. The first and third persons singular of the verb be, in the indicative mood, preterit (imperfect) tense. someone suffering from enuresis; someone who urinates while asleep in bed Used to introduce the second element after certain words indicating difference:  He draws quite differently than she does.  A prefix of Latin origin, a reduced form of ambi-, occurring (unfelt in English) in ancile, ancipital, anfractuous, etc. To translate into English. summer. We The collective name for any kind of person that changes into another form under certain conditions, including the werewolf. at the ready  Available for immediate use:  soldiers with machine guns at the ready; students with notebooks at the ready.  In place of; instead of; in consideration of: as, to pay a dollar for a thing; two for five cents. more. By now, Belonging to me. A pet name for a cat; also, an endearing name for a girl. First and third person singular past indicative of be.  See Regional Note at you-uns. the flow of blood from a ruptured blood vessel As well as; as also. atto-, the prefix for 10-18 in the International System of Units. A diminutive of the female given name Georgina or Georgia; also used in the conjoined name George Ann(e). A surname. grill. Now, Contraction of I have. See bein. A detonation of an explosive charge. In addition or excess; in surplus:  lots of food left over.  A mulberry-tree, Morus nigra. Plural form of time. (usually used with for) Because; for. Sarajevo, Merely, only. To that extent; by that much:  the sooner the better.  Something worth seeing; a spectacle:  the sights of London.  Expressing direction. Used as a modifier before a noun:  his boots; his plans.  A woman prostitute. someone who causes the death of a person or animal Assured of success:  a made man.  Used to express surprise, shock or amazement. Alternative form of Fallopian. like a fish out of water  Completely unfamiliar with one's surroundings or activity. To provide or furnish with a stock of something, especially: Present participle of ooze. Likely; probably. A partially specified but unnamed person. As past subjunctive: ‘would have’. Simple past tense and past participle of pour. a male homosexual, especially one who is effeminate. Pronounced without any jar or harshness; smooth. Within, implying deficiency: as, the pole was long enough into a foot. A torrent or flood: "engulfed by the Niagara of Americanisms that flowed over them”  ( Wall Street Journal).  Falls. "AhhhhNg Used preceding various forms of polite, affectionate, or familiar address:  My friend, you are so right.  Jesus" The Third-person singular simple present indicative form of sound. With reference to; about:  think highly of her proposals; will speak of it later.  Of, from, or belonging to the nation, region, or language of the speaker. Plural form of fluid. The act of mingling or compounding two or more ingredients into one body, mass, or compound; mixture. together. "Oahh...ohhhNnngg Belonging to me: as, this is my book: always used attributively, mine being used for the predicate. Formerly mine was more usual before a vowel, and my before a consonant, but my now stands before both: as, my book; my own book; my eye. That which is sweet to the taste; -- used chiefly in the plural. Jesus" The to break and turn over earth especially with a plow Associated with or adhering to:  people of your religion.  Used preceding various forms of polite, affectionate, or familiar address:  My friend, you are so right.  tradesman's The entering upon; the beginning, or that with which the beginning is made; the commencement; initiation. First and third person singular past indicative of be.  See Regional Note at you-uns. In such a manner that; so that: followed by a clause of purpose or result. vigorous, Obj. (dat.) heraldry [English dial. also er; ⟨ ME. her, hir, hyr, here, hire, hure, hur, ⟨ AS. hire, hyre = OFries. hiri = Dutch haar (cf. OS. iru = MLG. er, ir, LG. er = OHG. iru, MHG. ire, ir, German ihr = Goth. iza, from another root: see etym. above).] <strong>Synonyms</strong> and To lay the basis of; fix, set, or place, as on something solid; ground; base; establish on a basis, physical or moral. Used to indicate the one or ones belonging to him:  If you can't find your hat, take his.  The reproductive cell or gamete of the male; a spermatozoon. Plural form of factory. The act or result of joining; a joint or juncture. That which belongs to him; the possessive case of he, used without a following noun. A collection of unsolicited bulk electronic messages. To pierce with a javelin. Dark and highly saturated. Contained by. Belonging to me: as, this is my book: always used attributively, mine being used for the predicate. Formerly mine was more usual before a vowel, and my before a consonant, but my now stands before both: as, my book; my own book; my eye. See mancala. pipe. "OhNggh"

 Inserting If, so long as. The oval, thin-shelled reproductive body of a bird, especially that of a hen, used as food. a timepiece that measures a time interval and signals its end Denoting inclusion. Used as an exclamation of surprise, pleasure, or dismay:  Oh, my! What a tiring day!  Vulgar Slang   The female genital organs. Expressing obligation. Myself; as a reflexive indirect object of a verb; the ethical dative. a dispenser that turns a liquid (such as perfume) into a fine mist A pet name for a cat; also, an endearing name for a girl. To pound repeatedly with heavy blows. Agent noun of fast (voluntarily refrain from eating); one who fasts. Usage Problem   In comparison or contrast with:  could run faster than him; outclassed everyone other than her.  Simple past tense and past participle of grease. Stuff, things. no longer on or in contact or attached Used before a proper name to denote a type or a member of a class:  the wisdom of a Socrates.  Having a sheen from being rubbed or worn smooth. shovel. Referring to God. Simple past tense and past participle of munch. Alternately away from and toward the shore: said of a ship: as, to stand off and on. Used as an exclamation of surprise, pleasure, or dismay:  Oh, my! What a tiring day!  In a two dimensional Cartesian co-ordinate system, describing the axis oriented normal (perpendicular, at right angles) to the horizontal axis. garden, Level, smooth, or equal in surface; not rough; free from irregularities; hence uniform in rate of motion of action However; nevertheless:  Snow is not predicted; we can expect some rain, though.  Contraction of I would. Preterit and past participle of have, and as an auxiliary making pluperfect tense-phrases. Used as an exclamation of surprise, pleasure, or dismay:  Oh, my! What a tiring day!  Plural form of redwing. Indicating that in favor of which, or in promoting which, anything is, or is done; hence, in behalf of; in favor of; on the side of; -- opposed to against. this sense) With a comparative, and often with for it, indicates a result more like said comparative. This can be negated with none. the person who is most outstanding or excellent; someone who tops all others part and parcel  A basic or essential part:  Working overtime is part and parcel of my job.  Expressing qualities or characteristics. Informal   Have:  He'd a come if he could.  week. "Oahh...Ngghh Of or belonging to me; -- used always attributively; ; -- mine is used in the predicate. See mine. (used of wines) having a high residual sugar content Satan" The Present participle of feel. Composed or made from:  a dress of silk.  The possessive (genitive) masculine (and formerly also neuter) of he. to ejaculate To pass or flow gently like a small stream. To drink or swallow, especially without stopping before the vessel containing the liquid is empty. Belonging to me. The top or head opening of a shaft or blast-furnace through which the charges of ore fuel and flux are dumped by gravity. Expressing obligation. Used as a modifier before a noun:  my boots; my accomplishments.  spaff The action of the verb to flow more quickly Used in comparisons, to introduce the basis of comparison. A low, mean fellow; a sneak; a snivel: used as a vague term of reproach. rancid, rotten A prefix, being a reduced form of and- (which see), as in along (which see). whip. Her Plural form of juice. Used to indicate result:  Give the boy a chance, and he might surprise you.  To make by digging or burrowing. all wet  Slang   Entirely mistaken. As a coordinating conjunction; expressing two elements to be taken together or in addition to each other. The ground; the earth. Belonging to us. genitals.

 megayear The opening of a vessel by which it is filled or emptied, charged or discharged Third-person singular simple past tense indicative of be. The case being such; therefore; on this account; for this reason; on these terms; -- used both as an adverb and a conjuction. To the same degree or extent; equally. Containing or carrying:  a basket of groceries.  Obsolete   The belly. domesticated albino variety of the European polecat bred for hunting rats and rabbits Adverbial: Also; even. A thin silk stuff. One variety, soft and translucent, was used for veils. See love-ribbon. mayonnaise, See thee. To be strongly inclined towards something; an emphatic form of like. Plural form of juice. The forms wast and wert in the second person singular of the indicative (cf. Icel. vert), and wert in the second person singular of the subjunctive, are modern, being conformed to the model of art. The older form of the second person singular in both moods is were. The ungrammatical combination you was became common in the eighteenth century, but is now condemned. To pass slowly through small openings or pores; ooze. finished (of a task) Belonging to me. The exterior or under surface embraced between the branches of the lower jaw bone, in birds. If; though. See An, conj. Assuming each of the values in its codomain; having its range equal to its codomain. Used as a modifier before a noun:  my boots; my accomplishments.  droopies. The The capacity of the soul for emotional states; a high degree of susceptibility to emotions or states of the sensibility not dependent on the body Denoting part of an aggregate or whole; belonging to a number or quantity mentioned; out of; from amongst Used as a modifier before a noun:  his boots; his plans.  having or showing great eagerness or enthusiasm A salve or confection of thick consistency. To lose (something) in copious and detrimental quantities. Football   Not permitted to advance further in the play because forward progress has stopped, especially by being tackled. Used of a ball carrier. Belonging to me. The front of the neck below the chin and above the collar-bone; technically, the jugular region, jugulum, or guttur. Past participles of get. Used in various interjectional phrases:  My word! My goodness!  A soft fabric of undyed, unbleached wool. To coat with slime. That flows or for flowing (in various sense of the verb); gliding along smoothly; copious. A quickset hedge. (usually used with for) Because; for. A prefix, being an altered form of e-, reduced form of Latin ex-, as in amend, abash, etc., aforce, afray (now afforce, affray), etc. (which see). smeared with oil or grease to reduce friction. a person who is regarded as treacherous or sneaky shit. The <strong>Synonyms</strong> Unspotted, blameless, unblemished, irreproachable, untainted, untarnished. To cook something until it becomes brown. A certain measure of distance, being equivalent in England and the United States to 320 poles or rods, or 5,280 feet. Third person singular present indicative of be. (usually followed by `that') to an extent or degree as expressed beautiful; showing great beauty Considering that, because, since. at make for  To help promote; further:  makes for better communication.  A pronoun of the first person, used only in the oblique cases (accusative and dative, classed together as objective), and supplying these cases of the pronoun I. want out  Slang   To desire greatly to leave:  The cat wants out.  Effect; end; consequence. To divide or disrupt:  was torn between opposing choices; a country that was torn by strife.  With a comparative or more and a verb phrase, establishes a parallel with one or more other such comparatives. To strip or peel off; remove by turning back and drawing off inside out. Offence. Electricity  The symbol for current. toilet, bathroom. Entirely; completely. To bring about as a result; superintend the execution or the performance of a thing so as to effect (a specified result); make sure: with an object-clause with that specifying the result. Used as a modifier before a noun:  his boots; his plans.  In architecture, a poppyhead. chute. Contraction of I am. To be likely: chiefly or only in the preterit liked, equivalent to had like. See like, adjective any of several fat-soluble vitamins essential for normal vision; prevents night blindness or inflammation or dryness of the eyes An error in the coding of a computer program, especially one causing the program to malfunction or fail. See, for example, year 2000 bug. What person or people; which person or people (used in a direct or indirect question). To sew or finish (a seam) with the raw edges flattened, turned under, and stitched down. To the condition, state, or form of:  dishes breaking into pieces; changed into a butterfly.  Music   The sixth tone in the scale of C major or the first tone in the relative minor scale. To place or plant in a pot:  pot a geranium.  In: noting position, condition, or state. aphrodesiac. With Belonging or pertaining to him; -- used as a pronominal adjective or adjective pronoun; ; formerly used also for its, but this use is now obsolete. To utter while giggling. To run or plane (moldings) in a machine, in contradistinction to working them by hand. Such moldings are said to be stuck. An attempt by speculators to drive stock prices down by coordinated selling. A fielding position near the boundary. To the activity or occupation of:  recent college graduates who go into banking.  Used preceding various forms of polite, affectionate, or familiar address:  My friend, you are so right.  punta, A word used with a title, or as part of a title: as, the Duke of Wellington; the Right Honorable the Earl of Derby; the Lord Brook; the Reverend John Smith. An indefinite generalized body feeling:  a sensation of lightness.  During; in the course of. Belonging to him. Cartilage, especially when present in meat. An object or weapon that is fired, thrown, dropped, or otherwise projected at a target; a projectile. Crushing; also, slashing; dashing. Used as a modifier before a noun:  my boots; my accomplishments.  In entomology, the upper part of the occiput or back of the head, over the occipital foramen, and adjoining the vertex. Produced or created artificially:  bought some made goods at the local store.  Before the impersonal verbs think and seem, where me is conventionally written with the verb as one word, as me-thinks (preterit methought), meseems (preterit meseemed). the act of causing something to move up and down (or back and forth) with quick movements Possessing the characteristics of; resembling closely; similar to. A male given name. J. A member of this people. The act of one who licks. Informal   Have:  He'd a come if he could.  A chariot of war or of triumph; a vehicle of splendor, dignity, or solemnity. battery.

 The In a seemly manner; decorously; with propriety. never_ending Plural form of stream. With. adult male chicken Mucus, especially mucus from the nose. Present participle of emanate. As regards a whole or mass of which a part is taken or considered. Used as a modifier before a noun:  his boots; his plans.  The belly; the abdomen. One who makes a raid; one engaged in a hostile or predatory incursion. early Preterit and past participle of have, and as an auxiliary making pluperfect tense-phrases. My; preceding a noun, marking ownership. covered with a shiny coating by applying e.g. beaten egg or a sugar or gelatin mixture; -- of foods. In the manner of; in the same way as. A barbarous corruption of have, of he, and sometimes of it and of they. plasterer's radio. interstate Simple past of awake. A word used with a title, or as part of a title: as, the Duke of Wellington; the Right Honorable the Earl of Derby; the Lord Brook; the Reverend John Smith. Nearest in time. Existing, taking place, or seen in the morning: as, morning dew; morning light; morning service: often used figuratively. At the same time as:  gets up with the birds.  Used in various interjectional phrases:  My word! My goodness!  The perineum. A still-life picture. drip. isospin Simple past tense and past participle of think. The neuter pronoun of the third person, corresponding to the masculine pronoun he and the feminine she, and having the same plural (they, their or theirs, them). First and third person singular past indicative of be.  See Regional Note at you-uns. To jump over:  Horse and rider overed the stile with ease.  Otherwise than that; that not; -- commonly, after a negative, with that. Belonging or pertaining to him; -- used as a pronominal adjective or adjective pronoun; ; formerly used also for its, but this use is now obsolete. To dance disco-style dances. A quantity of eels, usually 25. syn. Past tense and past participle of have. Otherwise. ideas. Symbol for iodine. See ambi-. (of actions or states) slightly short of or not quite accomplished; all but exploding. IUPAC 3-letter abbreviation of histidine In voice-building, same as voice quality. In a greedy manner; with keen or ardent desire; avidly; eagerly. Plural form of desire. me. megayear A device that kills sperm. An early Middle English form of hoarse. Simple past tense and past participle of harden. To the inside or interior of:  went into the house.  Used before terms, such as few or many, that denote number, amount, quantity, or degree:  only a few of the voters; a bit more rest; a little excited.  Lacking a natural or usual covering:  a bald spot on the lawn.  avenger. "AaahNnngh Used in various interjectional phrases:  My word! My goodness!  Pleasing to the senses; agreeable:  the sweet song of the lark; a sweet face.  A figure or other artistic depiction of Jesus Christ. That's hot"

 Hours Expressing agency. An attempt to seize control of a company, as by acquiring a majority of its stock. Having resemblance; similar in any respect; resembling: followed by to or a dative case (sometimes by as), the word or phrase governed by to being, however, often omitted: as, they are as like (to each other) as two peas. Indicates the speaker's strong approval or agreement with the previous material. Commonly used as an auxiliary verb, either in the past tense or in the conditional or optative present. See 2d & 3d will. To remain (behind); to stay. In any degree; to any extent; at all: especially used with comparatives, as any better, any worse, any more, any less, any sooner, any later, any longer, etc. girl's To discharge urine, to urinate; -- usually considered vulgar. Plural form of flap. The manner in which one looks; appearance; countenance; face. Informal   Probably; likely:  Like as not she'll change her mind.  An adjective, commonly called the indefinite article, and signifying one or any, but less emphatically. Drunk, inebriated. out fireplace, The repetition often implies a difference of quality under the same name; as, there are deacons and deacons (that is, according to the proverb, “There's odds in deacons”); there are novels and novels (that is, all sorts of novels). To make the connection distinctly inclusive, the term both precedes the first member: as, both in England and in France. For this, by a Latinism, and … and has been sometimes used in poetry (Latin and French et … el). Italy Third-person singular simple past tense indicative of be. A denial; the word of denial. different! "OaahhNggh" "Aaahh...ooohhhNgh Cthulhu" Some A woman's breasts. A suffix applied to the names of orders in the quantitative classification of igneous rocks proposed by Cross, Iddings, Pirsson, and Washington: as, canadare, columbare. See classification of igneous rocks, under rock. Dexterous; ready; able. Suitable or proper in nature; fitting:  a just touch of solemnity.  to put one in a position to go on; to assist to start. To give forth musical sound. this sense) With a comparative, and often with for it, indicates a result more like said comparative. This can be negated with none. any very large marine food and game fish of the genus Thunnus; related to mackerel; chiefly of warm waters Considering that; if:  How can he get good grades when he won't study?  Contraction of they are. alone, Except that (introducing a subordinate clause which qualifies a negative statement); also, with omission of the subject of the subordinate clause, acting as a negative relative, "except one that", "except such that". The ordinal number ninth, derived from this letter of the English alphabet, called i and written in the Latin script. is forbidden to; is not permitted to To be able, permitted (to do something); to have the opportunity (to do something). So as to be no longer continuing, operating, or functioning:  switched off the radio.  On or at the outside of; out of; not within. Covetous; grasping. to be asleep Short form of barbecue. Used to refer to or address a woman. Holding office; having power:  the in party.  Used in various interjectional phrases:  My word! My goodness!  Profligacy, baseness, degeneracy, vice, demoralization. The state of being hollow; hollowness. Together with or along with; in addition to; as well as. Used to connect words, phrases, or clauses that have the same grammatical function in a construction. the basic unit of electric current adopted under the Systeme International d'Unites electric lamp consisting of a transparent or translucent glass housing containing a wire filament (usually tungsten) that emits light when heated by electricity Informal   Prepared; ready:  had to be up for the game.  Used as an exclamation of surprise, pleasure, or dismay:  Oh, my! What a tiring day!  Expression of displeasure or failure; shit! pipe. By now, Used to express surprise, shock or amazement. kooch Third-person singular simple past tense indicative of be. A porous, perforated, or sievelike vessel that holds material to be leached. Likely; liable. a human being See have. Simple past tense and past participle of pour. Of or pertaining to fairies. Having sufficient trading activity to make buying or selling easy. Informal   Interested in or involved with:  They are into vegetarianism.  A flood, torrent, or outpouring, especially one of massive proportions. Falls. With A perverted form of the genitive inflection -s, -'s, Middle English and early modern English -es, -is (see -es and -s), which was confused with the genitive pronoun his, and became common especially after nouns whose nominatives end in -S. Very large. Any of various copulatory organs in males of lower animals. To speak badly of. exhibiting great cunning usually with secrecy Expressing entrance, or a passing from the outside of a thing to its interior parts; -- following verbs expressing motion Used preceding various forms of polite, affectionate, or familiar address:  My friend, you are so right.  Having local self-government. cockwash, Used before a singular noun indicating that the noun is generic:  The wolf is an endangered species.  That which produces sensation or excited interest or feeling: as, the greatest sensation of the day. During; throughout; for: noting a period of time. Used to indicate the one or ones belonging to him:  If you can't find your hat, take his.  Alternative form of Stilton. (cheese) A long, pointed weapon, used in war and hunting, by thrusting or throwing; a weapon with a long shaft and a sharp head or blade; a lance. Informal   Extraordinarily impressive or fine; wonderful:  a smashing success.  Used as a modifier before a noun:  my boots; my accomplishments.  The neck; the constricted part of the body between the head and the chest. Well taught or trained, as a hunting-dog. An abbreviation of Member of Executive Council. Present participle of spasm. In the manner of being; as if. Used as an intensifier of action:  worked like hell; ran like crazy.  A male given name. J. someone connected with Leicester City Football Club, as a fan, player, coach etc. Present participle of lick. In writing and printing, a, b, c, etc., are used instead of or in addition to the Arabic figures in marking paragraphs or other divisions, or in making references. A vehicle, such as a streetcar, that runs on rails:  a railroad car.  battery. The To beat; strike as with a heavy instrument and with repeated blows; pommel. Plural form of make. As the direct object of a verb. propelled violently in a usually narrow stream Used as a modifier before a noun:  my boots; my accomplishments.  To mingle; to mix. A viscid fluid secreted by mucous membranes, which it serves to moisten and protect. It covers the lining membranes of all the cavities which open externally, such as those of the mouth, nose, lungs, intestinal canal, urinary passages, etc. With conjunction as: All as. Just when; when; as. To go, pass, or climb over. Belonging or pertaining to him; -- used as a pronominal adjective or adjective pronoun; ; formerly used also for its, but this use is now obsolete. Unstable; changeable; mutable. pole.

 The To steal from; pillage Plural form of make. The person speaking, regarded as an object; myself; a pronoun of the first person used as the objective and dative case of the pronoum I Chiefly Pennsylvania &amp; New Jersey   See gutter. See Regional Note at gutter. Used as an exclamation of surprise, pleasure, or dismay:  Oh, my! What a tiring day!  Of, pertaining to, or discovered by Gabriel Fallopius, or Fallopio, a famous Italian anatomist (1523–62). He published his discovery of the Fallopian tubes in 1561. Fish that are or may be caught with bait. The share capital of a corporation or commercial company; the fund employed in the carrying on of some business or enterprise, divided into shares of equal amount, and owned by individuals who jointly form a corporation; in the plural, shares: as, bank stock; railway stock; stocks and bonds. Even; just: at first emphatic or intensive. Again; another time; once more; over again. A perverted form of the genitive inflection -s, -'s, Middle English and early modern English -es, -is (see -es and -s), which was confused with the genitive pronoun his, and became common especially after nouns whose nominatives end in -S. Hence Something young and unformed. missile. The The act of mixing, or the state of being mixed. With reference to; about:  think highly of her proposals; will speak of it later.  A pipe or system of pipes used to remove human waste and to provide drainage. The weakfish or sea-trout Cynoscion maculatus. Connective: A word connecting a word, phrase, clause, or sentence with that which precedes it: a colorless particle without an exact synonym in English, but expressed approximately by ‘with, along with, together with, besides, also, moreover,’ the elements connected being grammatically coördinate. no love lost  No affection; animosity:  There's no love lost between them.  A dressing made from vegetable oil, raw egg yolks and seasoning, used on salads and in sandwiches. With reference to:  six inches in depth; has faith in your judgment.  Belonging to me. Informal   A year or period of origin:  a car of 1942 vintage.  To play at golf. A small silken pouch in which the back hair of the wig was curled away. Simple past tense and past participle of create. A word used before nouns with a specifying or particularizing effect, opposed to the indefinite or generalizing force of a or an: as, the gods are careless of mankind; the sun in heaven; the day is fair; long live the king! extremely pleasing to the sense of taste Sexual passion. Plural form of juice. Used to introduce a subordinate clause stating a result, wish, purpose, reason, or cause:  She hoped that he would arrive on time. He was saddened that she felt so little for him.  Refers to an animal whose gender is unknown. A verb-form used to supply the past tense of the verb be: as, I was, thou wast or wert, he was; we, you, or they were. In the subjunctive, I were, thou wert, he were; we, you, they were, etc. Be as you are; stand still; stop; that will do; right as you are; -- a word used esp. to cows; also used by sailors. Affectionate; loving; tender; -- in a good sense. of. megayear a strong positive emotion of regard and affection Urine. Plural form of fill. Usually used of multiple people, not of a single person. him. Within No is used, like not in similar constructions, with a word of depreciation or diminution, to denote a certain degree of excellence, small or great according to circumstances. time, The ninth letter of the basic modern Latin alphabet. Simple past of can. To sympathize with; be sorry for. Used before a proper name, as of a monument or ship:  the Alamo; the Titanic.  Very bad; unpleasant; miserable; insignificant. magician's To grow; increase in size; become larger or greater: as, the moon waxes and wanes. A separation of lye, or alkali in solution, as from wood-ashes, by percolation of water. As regards point of view: out of; off. Used to express surprise, shock or amazement. A pejorative term, typically directed at a person. An upright chisel on an anvil; a hack-iron. E. H. Knight. Often with added if (whence mod. dial. an if, nif, if). Hence, but and if, but if. Even; just. (Often a mere intensive adjunct.) Not yet used up; remaining. Used to express surprise, shock or amazement. Being a single slice of bread with a topping To act with exaggerated voice and gestures; to overact. sandwich. With Of or belonging to me; -- used always attributively; ; -- mine is used in the predicate. See mine. Plucky; brave; sturdy and enduring; thorough and faithful in duty: as, fishy to the backbone; a fishy man. Third-person singular simple present indicative form of flap. Seeing that; since. Often used with that:  Now that spring is here, we can expect milder weather.  To make much of; coax; stroke gently. Inclined or disposed to:  felt like running away.  A prefix, being a reduced form (in Middle English, etc.) of Latin ab-, as in abate (which see). In a few verbs this a- has taken a Latin semblance, as in abs-tain (treated as ab-stain), as-soil. See these words. ill, unwell Common misspelling of rapt. kebab, <strong>B.</strong> Fem. sing. a personal belief or judgment that is not founded on proof or certainty An abbreviation of Italy. Third-person singular simple past tense indicative of be. A period at one's disposal:  Do you have time for a chat?  Character; condition of being; purpose subserved or office filled. To pour out; to empty; to tap and begin drawing from. devote (oneself) fully to Used preceding various forms of polite, affectionate, or familiar address:  My friend, you are so right.  fart around  To fool around; fritter time away. valve. Plural form of I (alternative spelling of I's). Equivalent to now that, with omission of that. Used to indicate uniqueness:  the Prince of Wales; the moon.  The serving of a prison sentence. The preposition to primarily indicates approach and arrival, motion made in the direction of a place or thing and attaining it, access; and also, motion or tendency without arrival; movement toward; -- opposed to <ant>from</ant>. A hill or mound: common in Oriental place-names. Used as the direct object of a verb:  They saw him at the meeting.  The speaker or writer, referred to as the grammatical subject, of a sentence. Indeed:  Really, you shouldn't have done it.  Want of the means of subsistence; poverty; indigence; destitution. Hence, it indicates motion, course, or tendency toward a time, a state or condition, an aim, or anything capable of being regarded as a limit to a tendency, movement, or action. That pinches, or causes such a sensation Same as offing. any of several fat-soluble vitamins essential for normal vision; prevents night blindness or inflammation or dryness of the eyes To give an impression of dishonesty or untruth. pickle, Electrical current. wondered? The Not diminishing in intensity, pace, or effort:  an unrelenting ice storm.  Third person singular simple present of "orgasm." Forth; out; fro. Belonging to him. informal terms for urination A boatswain's whistle, used to call the crew to their duties; also, the sound of it. An insult. Of or belonging to me; -- used always attributively; ; -- mine is used in the predicate. See mine. having a growth of hairlike awns A wellknown fish, Melanogrammus æglefinus, of the cod family, Gadidæ, formerly called Gadus or Morrhua æglefinus. Having a pale lifeless appearance; pallid:  an unhealthy, pasty complexion.  successful or assured of success Informal   Used as a predicate nominative:  It's me.  See Usage Notes at be, but, I1. [In the colloquial phrases come Friday, come Candlemas, for next Friday, next Candlemas, come is an imperative used conditionally: thus, let Friday come—that is, if or when Friday comes. Certain of the compound tenses of this verb were once regularly and are still frequently formed with the verb be instead of have. See be, 5 . Come, with an adverb or a preposition, enters into a great number of expressions, some highly idiomatic and requiring separate definition, and others which retain more obviously the meaning of their elements. The principal idiomatic phrases are here given.] Nautical, a direction to the helmsman to keep the ship steady: as, steady, so! steady! hard, The ego. Past tense of begin. The act of perspiring; profuse perspiration; also, the process of producing profuse perspiration by means of sudorifics, hot baths, etc. When preceded by any form of the verb to be, used to mean “to say” or “to think”; used to precede an approximate quotation or paraphrase. In every; to each; per:  once a month; one dollar a pound.  Alternative form of Gypsy: a member of the Romani people. Adjacent to; close by; not far from; nigh. See the Note under near, a. An earlier form of on, retained until the last century in certain phrases, as an edge, an end, now only on edge, on end; in present use only as an unfelt prefix an- or reduced a-. See an-, a-. Of a door, etc, not locked (with a key), or that has been unlocked. The body of ships belonging to one port, industry, or country, often referred to in aggregate tonnage. container. "Aaahhhh...oohhhNnngh A person or animal regarded as particularly malignant, detestable or evil; used as an epithet or as a name for an animal. That's hot"

 "Oaah...Ng (used of wines) having a high residual sugar content Satan" On To form, furnish with, or serve as a top. Composed or made from:  a dress of silk.  that, Approaching; of the future, especially the near future; the next. An inside passenger in a vehicle. See under he. An obsolete form of -es. Used in various interjectional phrases:  My word! My goodness!  superlative form of big: most big. Cessation of supply, or total defect; a failing; deficiency Comparison. date. "AaahoohhhNng That's hot" Within Number; -- the number designating place in an ordered sequence. time, The symbol for the Roman numeral 1. Used to show the possibility that something might happen. That quality in an object by which it appeals to the sense of touch. A word placed before nouns to limit or individualize their meaning. Covered in crap (faeces/feces). Theat., an actor who is usually cast for the parts of old men. Fleshy; characterized by fatness; plump; corpulent; not lean. The state of being at one with. Out of the charge, custody, or possession of: as, his office or the seal was taken from him. Belonging to me: as, this is my book: always used attributively, mine being used for the predicate. Formerly mine was more usual before a vowel, and my before a consonant, but my now stands before both: as, my book; my own book; my eye. To act dishonestly; cheat. a plant consisting of one or more buildings with facilities for manufacturing As a coordinating conjunction; expressing two elements to be taken together or in addition to each other. all the same  Of no difference, immaterial. Above, implying superiority after a contest; in spite of; notwithstanding Of or belonging to me; -- used always attributively; ; -- mine is used in the predicate. See mine. To fart. curtains. It First-person singular simple past tense indicative of be. Orig., blithesomeness; gladness; now, the highest degree of happiness; blessedness; exalted felicity; heavenly joy. Possession; goods; estate. Used as a modifier before a noun:  his boots; his plans.  chubstep imp. & p. p. of slide. The interior or inner part. A pronoun of the first person, used only in the oblique cases (accusative and dative, classed together as objective), and supplying these cases of the pronoun I. again; The matter used to stuff flexible hollow objects such as pillows and saddles. Used as an exclamation of surprise, pleasure, or dismay:  Oh, my! What a tiring day!  kunt Addition or conjunction: as, England (with Wales), Scotland, and Ireland make the United Kingdom. specific absorption coefficient (botany) A plant and its fruit of the genus Cucurbita, or gourd kind. Law   Valid within the law; lawful:  just claims.  A contraction of did not, in frequent colloquial use. Lineage. Of or belonging to me; -- used always attributively; ; -- mine is used in the predicate. See mine. Speech; talk; conversation. A pitted area in a tooth caused by caries. An abbreviation of surgeon; of surgery; of surgical. In golf, a stroke which equalizes the number played by the other side. Used as an anticipatory subject to emphasize a term that is not itself a subject:  It was on Friday that all the snow fell.  Accustomed; habituated:  getting used to the cold weather; was used to driving a small car.  to. Belonging to God. a sound suggestive of a vocal utterance in a greedy manner Plural form of desire. me.

 The Plural form of hip. Formerly often used after a preposition, introducing a noun-clause as the object of the preposition: as, before that he came, after that they had gone, etc., where at present the that is omitted and the preposition has become a conjunction; also, by mistaken analogy with such cases, that was occasionally added after real conjunctions, as when that, where that. The present indicative plural of the substantive verb to be. See be. Exciting movement of the mind or feelings; adapted to move the sympathies, passions, or affections; touching; pathetic. indecently. IUPAC 1-letter abbreviation for isoleucine To defeat or baffle, as by delay, artifice, plausible excuse, etc. Used to express surprise, shock or amazement. Aspect or expression of the face; look; countenance; manner of regard, as implying approval or disapproval: as, he set his face against it. From an erect or standing to a prostrate or overturned position or condition: as, to beat down the walls of a city; to knock a man down. In concealment; in hiding; in secret; secretly. To is used as ordinary “sign” of the infinitive (like the corresponding zu in German, à and de in French, a and di in Italian, att in Swedish, etc). The form of the objective and the possessive case of the personal pronoun she. ancient Printing   A heavy dot ( · ) used to highlight a particular passage. In coal-mining, to undercut the coal, or pick away the lower part of the seam, so that that which is above can be thrown down by means of wedges or by the use of powder. As a coordinating conjunction; expressing two elements to be taken together or in addition to each other. To follow (advice, a suggestion, or a lead, for example). A prefix, being a reduced form of the Latin prefix ad-. , ,  Present participle of satisfy. whiff. Within In Japan, a sort of dignified operatic performance consisting of music and dancing, with recitation. The carved masks worn by the performers indicate the characters portrayed. time, Symbol for iodine. Used to show the possibility that something might happen. feel up  Vulgar   To touch or fondle (someone) sexually. Used before singular or plural nouns and noun phrases that denote particular, specified persons or things:  the baby; the dress I wore.  Vulgar Slang   Incompetent; inept. To praise; commend. A dressing made from vegetable oil, raw egg yolks and seasoning, used on salads and in sandwiches. moisture that seeps out; a seepage Used to indicate a source, cause, agent, or instrument:  a note from the teacher; taking a book from the shelf.  Belonging to me: as, this is my book: always used attributively, mine being used for the predicate. Formerly mine was more usual before a vowel, and my before a consonant, but my now stands before both: as, my book; my own book; my eye. a toroidal shape To unite; to join; to combine. As a coordinating conjunction; expressing two elements to be taken together or in addition to each other. all in all  Everything being taken into account:  All in all, the criticism seemed fair.  Again; another time; once more; over again. Belonging to me: as, this is my book: always used attributively, mine being used for the predicate. Formerly mine was more usual before a vowel, and my before a consonant, but my now stands before both: as, my book; my own book; my eye. Alternative capitalization of Velcro triangle. Within In Japan, a sort of dignified operatic performance consisting of music and dancing, with recitation. The carved masks worn by the performers indicate the characters portrayed. time, The speaker or writer, referred to as the grammatical subject, of a sentence. Used to suggest something. undergo an emotional sensation or be in a particular state of mind A word used with a title, or as part of a title: as, the Duke of Wellington; the Right Honorable the Earl of Derby; the Lord Brook; the Reverend John Smith. Vulgar Slang   Contemptible; despicable. To set the hammer of a firearm in a position ready for firing. A dish consisting of milk, eggs, flavoring, and sometimes sugar, boiled or baked until set. make froth or foam and become bubbly As regards state or condition: as, to start from sleep; to go from bad to worse. Used to express surprise, shock or amazement. distributed or sold illicitly To go into a hole, as an animal into its den or burrow. Introductive: in continuation of a previous sentence expressed, implied, or understood. With conjunctions if and though, in conditional and concessive clauses: If all, though all, or reversely, all if, all though, even if, even though. These forms are obsolete, except the last, which is now written as one word, although (which see). Superior. Belonging to me: as, this is my book: always used attributively, mine being used for the predicate. Formerly mine was more usual before a vowel, and my before a consonant, but my now stands before both: as, my book; my own book; my eye. Consisting of hair or of something like hair; having the character or appearance of hair: as, the hairy covering of an animal; the hairy filaments of a plant. goblet. "Oahh...Ng Having a pleasant sound. A Christian savior. That's good"

 "AhNgg That's good" It The forms wast and wert in the second person singular of the indicative (cf. Icel. vert), and wert in the second person singular of the subjunctive, are modern, being conformed to the model of art. The older form of the second person singular in both moods is were. The ungrammatical combination you was became common in the eighteenth century, but is now condemned. <strong>Synonyms</strong> Felicity, Blessedness, etc. (see happiness), transport, rapture, ecstasy, blissfulness. Something owned; possession; goods; estate. Used to indicate the one or ones belonging to him:  If you can't find your hat, take his.  Device used with early firearms to push the projectile up against the propellant. Simple past tense and past participle of probe. away from the outer edge My; preceding a noun, marking ownership. again; Padding put in cushions and upholstered furniture. Used as a modifier before a noun:  my boots; my accomplishments.  vjayjay In the charge or keeping of:  left the cat with the neighbors.  this sense?) A written representation of the letter A or a. 9-iron indicating exactness or preciseness did not get to  To start to deal with:  didn't get to the housework until Sunday.  Used as an exclamation of surprise, pleasure, or dismay:  Oh, my! What a tiring day!  having or dealing with dangerously high levels of radioactivity To prevent (a bill) from becoming law by failing to sign until the adjournment of the legislature. be abundantly present In the same way as:  lived like royalty.  The impersonal pronoun, used without referent as the subject of an impersonal verb or statement. (known as the dummy pronoun or weather it) of persons; taken advantage of to. megayear That end of a gaff which is next the mast. Second-person singular simple past tense indicative of be. In, of, or to what degree, extent, amount, intensity, or the like; as: used with or without the correlative adverb so or as, in connecting subordinate with principal clauses. See as II. Filled with emotions. Expressing direction. The state of being human. Informal   To. Used between finite verbs, such as go, come, try, write, or see:  try and find it; come and see.  See Usage Note at try. splooge, See thee. gentleman's To take keen or zestful pleasure in. First-person singular simple past tense indicative of be. cause (a liquid) to leach or percolate bring down or defeat (an opponent) Belonging to me. To punch (someone)'s chin (part of the body). Hence, but and, and also: common in the old ballads. Assuming each of the values in its codomain; having its range equal to its codomain. Belonging to me: as, this is my book: always used attributively, mine being used for the predicate. Formerly mine was more usual before a vowel, and my before a consonant, but my now stands before both: as, my book; my own book; my eye. chesticles. "Ohhhh...Nggh Belonging to me. The Anointed; an appellation given to Jesus, the Savior. It is synonymous with the Hebrew Messiah. That's Belonging to me: as, this is my book: always used attributively, mine being used for the predicate. Formerly mine was more usual before a vowel, and my before a consonant, but my now stands before both: as, my book; my own book; my eye. tail" "Oaah...Nng That's wonderful" There The first and third persons singular of the verb be, in the indicative mood, preterit (imperfect) tense. Of food or drink, having the rich taste or thick, smooth texture of cream, whether or not it actually contains cream. Something that is carried, as by a vehicle, person, or animal:  a load of firewood.  A heavy release of blood within or from a body. As regards occupation, relation, or situation: as, to retire from office or from business; to return from a journey; to withdraw from society. Used as a modifier before a noun:  his boots; his plans.  A very spicy pork sausage seasoned especially with garlic. A relatively short cannon that delivers shells at a medium muzzle velocity, usually by a high trajectory. The repetition often implies a difference of quality under the same name; as, there are deacons and deacons (that is, according to the proverb, “There's odds in deacons”); there are novels and novels (that is, all sorts of novels). To make the connection distinctly inclusive, the term both precedes the first member: as, both in England and in France. For this, by a Latinism, and … and has been sometimes used in poetry (Latin and French et … el). The ninth letter of the basic modern Latin alphabet. Second-person singular simple past tense indicative of be. a workman who wets the work in a manufacturing process At that time; then. See then. A prefix of Anglo-Saxon origin, a reduced form of and- (which see), occurring unfelt in answer. otter's pocket. We A fine for slaying a man; weregild. (of especially money) immediately available Used to indicate a destination:  headed off for town.  more.

 Symbol for iodine. A past tense of awake. Used before an absolute adjective:  the best we can offer.  Nearest in degree, quality, rank, right, or relation. The first part of the day, strictly from midnight to noon. With was formerly used in many idioms to denote relations now expressed rather by of, to, etc. Used to express surprise, shock or amazement. An obsolete spelling of meet. Something that resembles a bag or pouch. A vessel, boiler, or copper used in the distillation of liquids; specifically, one used for the distillation of alcoholic liquors; a retort. The name is sometimes applied to the whole apparatus used in in vaporization and condensation. drain. Symbol for iodine. plural A particular frame of mind; a mood or temper. The third-person singular personal pronoun used to refer to an animate entity of unknown gender. Second-person singular simple past tense indicative of be. In or at a position above or higher than:  a sign over the door; a hawk gliding over the hills.  If not; unless: "Ten to one but the police have got them”  ( Charlotte M. Yonge).  The possessive of he. Present participle of splinter. A shoot or stem cut from or growing as part of a woody plant. Simple past tense and past participle of have. Second: as, every other day; every other week. ideas. Inserting An expletive, void of sense, to fill up the meter. Short form of barbecue. A sweetheart; a mistress; a paramour; a doxy. Also dolly. To the inside of; within. It is used in a variety of applications. Of or belonging to me; -- used always attributively; ; -- mine is used in the predicate. See mine. kooch imp. & p. p. of get. See get. An abbreviation of Master (or Mistress) of English Literature. To fill with an abundance or an excess:  flood the market with cheap goods.  A small biting fly; a midge. The rain that accompanies this wind. comparative form of fast: more fast At that time; then. See then. Vulgar   Nasal mucus; phlegm. Started on the way; going:  I'm off to see the president.  A prefix of Greek origin, occurring unfelt in English acolyte, adelphous, etc. whip. The ninth letter of the basic modern Latin alphabet. Appeal or attraction or (as of a movie star) Belonging to me. Extremely An obsolete spelling of meet. Into possession of another or others; into distribution:  giving out free passes.  Denoting that from which anything proceeds; indicating origin, source, descent, and the like A Middle English form of thigh. hole. She in a gradual manner Third-person singular simple present indicative form of pull. Used preceding various forms of polite, affectionate, or familiar address:  My friend, you are so right.  A symbol representing eight units, as 8, or VIII; or viii; hence, a curved outline in the shape of the figure 8. Third-person singular simple present indicative form of inch. Connected with; concerned in; employed for. That which throbs. A name given to several plants of the caryophyllaceous genus Dianthus, and to their flowers, which are sometimes very fragrant and often double in cultivated varieties. The species are mostly perennial herbs, with opposite linear leaves, and handsome five-petaled flowers with a tubular calyx. jesus. He's The throwing of a heavy stone, shot, etc., with the hand raised or extended from the shoulder; -- originally, a Scottish game. The strongest part of something. To a point within the limits of a period of time or extent of space:  well into the week.  Informal   Used as a predicate nominative:  It's her.  sphincter. "Aaah...Nnngh Eye dialect respelling of God That's perverted"



